hello everyone my name's Elena and I'm a
recent graduate of lapatin United World
College and here are my five tips for
all future you'd ever see students those
are things that I wish someone had told
me before I boarded that plane to Hong
Kong so I hope they will help you guys
superior to BC journey so let's get
started number one and I think it's the
most important point to actively put
yourself out dares to have university
experience there are quite a few
students who go to United World colleges
and then they're there and complaining
that their school is not Hugh wcm enough
or whatever and to me you can make
constructive criticism no problem but I
do think it's also your job to make your
college UWC enough to say so because a
college only becomes the United World
College through its students so it's
your job to give it those uwc vibes and
so for example if you're there and
you're complaining because your college
doesn't have a feminist Club then be to
found rap that feminist club go get
yourself some members and start hosting
events that's how we do it okay um I
think it's really important to note that
your college can not hand you a UWC
experience it's you who actively has to
pursuit at UWC experience okay and that
means signing up for discussion nights
from movie nights for debates for
whatever in order to enrich your
experience and sometimes it will also
mean having to say no because you have
to study because you get Ebisu
experience also consists of academics
okay let's not forget that part it's
important to note that everybody is you
know VC experience is going to be
different because everybody creates
their own UWC experience
okay everybody lives of different
roommates and everybody makes different
choices about which event state attend
so in the end you're gonna have a
different composition of things that
make up your experience and any of your
peers which is fine but that shows it's
your responsibility to choose what you
want your VC experience to look like
okay do you want it to be filled with
sports great do not do you want it to be
filled with debates and Model United
Nations and do that do you want a mix of
everything do that it's up to you but
it's really important that you actively
put yourself out there for these events
to get the uawc experience okay because
it's not going to be handed to you
that's not how it works you actively
gotta get out of your room
and the Tendo cements otherwise UWC
experience is going to be how you binge
watched all Netflix TV shows in your
room and I'm not sure if that really
counts as YouTube is the experience but
well okay never do be yourself even if
you're intimidated when you first arrive
at a United World College you're gonna
meet like 120 people from all over the
world and they've all done amazing
things and you're just gonna be like
whoa how did I get a minute or maybe
you'll want to be super amazing people
who would like have their own NGO when
they were 15 and if you're one of them
great you're an inspiration thank you
but if you're not then don't be
intimidated please I know that it's easy
to feel like oh my god everybody else
here is awesome but not me really so
maybe it was a mistake that they
admitted me no the selection committee
admitted you because you have a
characteristic that they think would add
value to a United World colleges
community so that's why they admitted
you that's why they sent you to that
particular college so just be yourself
and you are actually gonna add that
characteristic which they admit you for
and I know that can sometimes be hard
because you feel like everybody else is
much better but you know what everybody
feels the same way so don't worry even
if you think oh my god they're so
amazing you know they feel just as
scared as you do so just remember that
that means that I also want to say it's
really important to prioritize self-care
at times and you know that really
depends on your character like how much
time you need to yourself and I know
what to start people feel like they have
to socialize 24/7 but really you don't
if you don't show up for a party or for
some outing you know no one really cares
at the end of the day like it's gonna be
fine
so just honestly say hey you know what I
actually need an hour to myself and just
lie on your bed watch the Netflix or ate
some chocolate or both that's good too
and you know it just takes some time off
I think that's important and that's part
of being yourself being honest and
saying hey you know what I'm not feeling
down right now
and that's cool too and I know a lot of
people learned that like especially in
your second year and they're like oh my
god I wish
my first year just do it straight away
um it's fine you know you you feel like
oh my god everything's social enough but
reality is people are like kind of
jealous that you have the guts to say
you know what I want to I am with that
and just chill that's fine don't worry
about it okay
self-care is great number three set your
priorities and review them every
semester and live according to them okay
so what do I mean by that so basically
what I did is I wrote a list of the
things I wanted to get out of my you
know BC experience and then I ranked
them according to importance now I'm not
gonna share that list because it's very
personal
um but I am gonna say my grades were
ranked very high so I was like okay I
need really good grades because I want
to get minute to a good University and
that meant I had to prioritize that so
at times I would have to say no I'm not
coming to this event or no I'm not doing
this because I needed to free time to
study and do homework which is fine but
you know you need to know whether it is
worth it to you or not and your priority
isn't you have top grades um then you
don't need to do that okay if you're
like oh I'm fine with like average
grades then you can attend more events
and it's really important that your just
decide yourself what you want to get out
of the uawc experience and that you
create your experience according to that
now your goals may change throughout
your experience I mean at the age from
16 to 18 which is the most people attend
United World colleges um you know you're
still like making plans for life and
sometimes you change your entire
direction we're just fine so review them
every semester and I think that's also a
good way of seeing whether our priority
really meant a lot to you because the
times when you live according to that
priority you're like I'm not really
happy with that so that shows you maybe
that priority isn't really your priority
it's not really what you as a person
want but I think by having those
priorities it's a little bit easier to
choose which of the events you're gonna
attend because once you arrive at a
United World College you're gonna be
able to fill your calendar
every day with things like I remember
looking at the College calendar I like
what the f is that like it was full like
just full like they were sometimes st.
events taking place at the same time was
like free different events and you're
like how the hell am I supposed to be in
all those free events now I go oh you
gotta choose you know and well that's
your responsibility as a university
student but I think sometimes you just
look at the calendar and you kind of
feel bad if you don't go to all these
amazing events so it's good to tell
yourself well I would have gone to this
but my priority about this mattered more
to me at that point number four make an
agreement with your roommates about what
you should and shouldn't do in the room
and when the lights go off etc now my
opportunity and I Terrell's college and
when the lights go off and stuff that
was relatively easy because the college
decides up for you if the lights go off
at 11:00 p.m. the latest and I think you
can only turn them on in like six batchi
in the morning something like that um so
yeah but we actually turned on lights of
earlier because I am a really early
sleeper so I told my roommates hey you
know what guys um I would really like to
go to sleep around like 9:30 to 10:00
would that be cool with you and now you
may be like what that are you sleep at
night Freddie
well you know South care I decided to
sleep early because it really helped me
to concentrate in school so 9:30 was my
time and my roommates are great to it
and so we had like certain things that
we would do in the room certain things
we would enjoy in your room and I think
that just makes you a lot more
comfortable because your room is your
space it's your home base so you know
you want that to be the place where
you're really comfortable where
everything that is done in that space is
sort of okay with you okay so speak to
your roommates when there's something
that you really don't like and just say
it and then you guys can work through it
and you can fix it and I think it's good
if you write that down and actually make
sort of like a roommate contract it's
also good to review would have roommate
contract every once in a while because
especially at the start you don't miss
the experience everybody just says yes
to everything because they're really
scared of making someone
feel that when they say no so when you
have first-year roommates I'm actually
wait like two to three months and then
talk about the roommate agreement again
alright number five do something outside
campus that it's not affiliated with you
to be see directly what I mean by that
like join a club become a scout of work
for an NGO that's what I did and find
some friends which are not UW students
why well because you're gonna be in this
little university bubble for like 24/7
and sometimes you just need to walk away
and see people who you haven't seen the
entire week it's not because you don't
love them it's just because you kind of
go crazy after a while if you always
talk to the same people so I personally
needed some space where you know people
from other places where people who
didn't go to you know your old college
people have very different views than
United World College students I think
that's important I know that there are
United World colleges which are more in
rural area so you can't really do that
well then maybe you want to consider
just taking a walk every once in awhile
just in order to be for yourself and you
know you have some time outside that
bubble to say so
and I don't know I don't like the word
bubble but I don't have a better word
for it
give yourself some balance because you
know PC is very intense and it's good if
you can just go off campus meet some
friends and you know give yourself a
little break it's not because you don't
enjoy UWC but UWC can take a lot of
punishing that experience is amazing but
you need a break and so give yourself
that break so yeah those are my tips to
future university students I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did
consider giving it a like if you guys
want to know more about my UWC
experience please visit my blog it's
linked below and if you guys have any
questions please contact me through the
contact section of my block which is
linked below as well thank you guys so
much for watching bye